Config get program (#823)
scale-it/algo-builder: CHANGELOG.md

- Add unit tests for all transaction types in runtime executeTx.
- Add support loadLogic for *.teal program and SCParam.
- Replace arrow functions with normal functions in all unit test which is recommended by `mocha`

> - Add support `getProgramFromPath` can get program string from `assetPath`(relative or absolute path) path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support of `getProgramFromPath` which can get program string from `assetPath`(relative or absolute) path.
```

- Add unit tests for all transaction types in runtime executeTx.
- Add support loadLogic for *.teal program and SCParam.
- Replace arrow functions with normal functions in all unit test which is recommended by `mocha`

> - Added support of `getProgramFromPath` which can get program string from `assetPath`(relative or absolute path) path.

Reviewer 2: We removed this method.
